# DeploymentStrategy

The `deploymentStrategy` field defines how the system behaves when an asset (test, label, dashboard) defined in the template already exists.  For tests, the system uses the test type and name to determine if a test already exists. For example, if a template contains an http-server test named `Test123` and an http-server test with the same name already exists, the system assumes that this test already exists. If the test had a different type (for example, page-load), then the system would not consider the test to already exist because the types are different.  For Labels and Dashboards, the system uses only the name. (Note that current Test Templates only consider \"test\" Labels).  Alert Rules do not currently support `deploymentStrategy`.  Below are the possible deployment strategies and their behaviors:    * `Create Always` - The system will always attempt to create the asset. If an asset of the same name and type already exists, the system will generate an error. This behavior ensures that each asset created from a template is unique. This is the default behavior.    * `Update on Change` - If an asset of the same type and name already exists, the existing asset is used instead of creating a new asset. If the configuration of the asset in the template is different from the existing one, the latest configuration is applied.    * `Ignore on Change` - If an asset of the same type and name already exists, the existing asset is used instead of creating a new asset. If the configuration of the asset in the template is different from the existing one, the configuration of the existing asset is used and the configuration in the template is ignored.  The `Update on Change` and `Ignore on Change` strategies essentially allow assets to be shared across templates. For example, the built-in \"Custom Web Page\", \"Custom Web Server\", and \"Custom Device\" templates all contain a Dashboard asset called \"Health Overview\". It's `deploymentStrategy` is set to `Ignore on Change`, which means that the first deployment of a template such as the \"Custom Web Page\" template creates the \"Health Overview\" dashboard. Subsequent deployments of the \"Custom Web Page\" template do not attempt to recreate the \"Health Overview\" dashboard. Instead, the existing dashboard is reused.  Note: Assets that were not created using a template are not included when the system searches for existing assets; they are not used with `Update on Change` or `Ignore on Change`.

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


